procedures: rewrite and expand the "Backup and disaster recovery" sections of the admin guide (#2121)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/partials/assembly_backups-of-che-instances-to-the-internal-backup-server.adoc

:parent-context-of-backups-of-{prod-id-short}-instances-to-the-internal-backup-server: {context}

[id="backups-of-{prod-id-short}-instances-to-the-internal-backup-server_{context}"]
= Backups of {prod-short} instances to the internal backup server

:context: backups-of-{prod-id-short}-instances-to-the-internal-backup-server

> In a non-production environment, the optional internal backup server can be used to create backups for testing purposes. The internal backup server is a REST backup server that is managed by {prod-short} Operator.

Reviewer: Technically, you can use it in production, but it is not recommended.

Author: I've removed "in a non-production environment" everywhere in this PR, and I'm only keeping the phrase "for testing purposes".

> NOTE: {prod-short} Operator defaults to using the internal backup server if {prod-short} is configured to use multiple external backup servers without any annotation.

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't describe the real behavior:
- in case of using chectl for backup, it will use internal backup server if no backup server specified
- in case of using CRs, when specific field says
- in case of automatic backup (explained by the note below)

You may delete the note at all if you think that such a long explanation is overhead here.

Author: Alright, I'm deleting this note.

> IMPORTANT: {prod-short} Operator defaults to using the internal backup server for pre-update backups (to permit {prod-short} version rollback) if multiple backup servers are configured and if the `che.eclipse.org/backup-before-update: true` annotation is either not added to the custom object of any one of the multiple backup servers or the annotation is added to more than one of the multiple backup servers.

Reviewer: nitpick: annotation is added to a backup server configuration, not server itself

Author: Thank you for the nitpick. I've clarified this in the text.

Reviewer 2: * The IBM SG asks us to "avoid using parentheses in general text."
* Would it be easier to understand this information if we "unpack" it a bit?
```suggestion
IMPORTANT: The {prod-short} Operator defaults to using the internal backup server for pre-update backups if both of these conditions are true:

* Multiple backup servers have been configured.
* The `che.eclipse.org/backup-before-update: true` annotation has been added to the custom object of only one backup server; not multiple backup servers.

Having pre-update backups is necessary if you want to perform {prod-short} version rollbacks.
```

Reviewer 2: Would it make sense to use the standard admonition block recommended by the [SSG](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#admonitions) and used by the OpenShift docs team?
```
[IMPORTANT]
====
Text for note.
====
```
